DM-4225 change-log-prevent-resource-instance-level-operation-for-LWM2M-1-0-device (#2756)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/lwm2m-agent-2-1-0-blocking-resource-instance-operation-for-lwm2m-1-0-devices.md

---
date:
title: Preventing execution of operations on resource instance level for LWM2M 1.0 devices
change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Improvement
product_area: Device Management & Connectivity
component:
  - value: component-1KLUzmqfe
    label: LWM2M
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-ggH2M4hf3
    label: lwm2m-agent
ticket: DM-4225
version: 1021.0.0
---

> The LwM2M resource instance level operations have been introduced in LwM2M 1.1 but are not supported by LwM2M 1.0 devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The LWM2M resource instance level operations have been introduced in LWM2M 1.1 but are not supported by LWM2M 1.0 devices.
```

> When LwM2M resource instance level operations (Example: `read /5/0/8/0`) against a LwM2M 1.0 device are created, the operation will now directly fail and not be sent to the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When LWM2M resource instance level operations (Example: `read /5/0/8/0`) against a LWM2M 1.0 device are created, the operation will now directly fail and not be sent to the device.
```

---
date:

> title: Preventing resource instance level operation execution for LWM2M 1.0 devices

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Preventing execution of operations on resource instance level for LWM2M 1.0 devices
```

change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Improvement
product_area: Device Management & Connectivity
component:
  - value: component-1KLUzmqfe
    label: LWM2M
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-ggH2M4hf3
    label: lwm2m-agent
ticket: DM-4225

> version: 2.1.0

Author: ```suggestion
version: 1021.0.0
```

---

> The LwM2M resource instance level operations are introduced in LwM2M 1.1 and are not supported for LwM2M 1.0 devices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The LwM2M resource instance level operations have been introduced in LwM2M 1.1 but are not supported by LwM2M 1.0 devices.
```

> This is now incorporated in {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform operations.

Reviewer 3: I'd leave the sentence in line 19 out and write in line 20 "the operation will now directly fail and not be sent to the device".

Author: I'll remove line 19. In line 20 I have additionally the example, I would like to keep that to make it more understandable for customers.

Reviewer 3: My comment was a little brief. I'd do it like this:

```suggestion
When LwM2M resource instance level operations (Example: `read /5/0/8/0`) against a LwM2M 1.0 device are created, the operation will now directly fail and not be sent to the device.
```

> When the LwM2M resource instance level operations are created in the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform such as read /5/0/8/0 against a LwM2M 1.0 device, the operation will be directly failed by the LWM2M service and will not sent to the device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the LwM2M resource instance level operations are created in the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform such as read /5/0/8/0 against a LwM2M 1.0 device, the operation will be directly failed by the LWM2M service and not be sent to the device.
```

> When the LwM2M resource instance level operations are created in the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform such as read /5/0/8/0 against a LwM2M 1.0 device, the operation will be directly failed by the LWM2M service and not be sent to the device.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
